.ipynb_checkpoints/index-checkpoint.md, before:

## About Me

I am a finance major at the [Lehigh college of business](https://business.lehigh.edu/) with special interests in international relations and computer science. My time at university has been shaped by my desire to make complex financial concepts digestible; as it is my opinion that the public school system lacks adequate curricula for these topics. As an employee: I will use detail oriented analysis to identify inefficient systems and promote optimized solutions. 

---

## FIN 377 Midterm Project

<!-- You can link to other websites, PDFs in this repo, and other pages in this repo -->

_**[Sentiment Analysis of 10-K's to Predict Returns](markdown/report.md)**_

<img src="images/output_20_0.png?raw=true"/>
<img src="images/output_23_0.png?raw=true"/>

---

## FIN 377 Team Final Project

_**[Team Project Website](https://tommymcdade.github.io/leftside)**_

#### ADD IMAGE

---

## Personal Projects

_**[Loan Amortization Scheduler (current build/not complete)](markdown/AmortizationTable.md)**_ <br>
_**[Loan Amortization Scheduler (link to repo)](https://github.com/Brooks377/Personal-Projects/tree/main/Amortization_Table)**_

<img src="images/200000_3.5_30_2023-01-01_M-30_bonus0.png?raw=true"/>
<img src="images/200000_3.5_30_2023-01-01_M-30_bonus200.png?raw=true"/>

---


## Career Objectives

- To promote transparency and fairness in financial institutions
- To make well-informed and profitable investments, in my own life and in any business to which I'm employed
- To create systems that allow and encourage productive work environments
- To further enhance the usability of our current financial markets
- To pioneer new systems in the modern, ever-changing economic ecosystem

---

## Hobbies

- Skiing
- Soccer
- Hiking
- Coding
- Debate

---
<p style="font-size:11px">Page template forked from <a href="https://github.com/evanca/quick-portfolio">evanca</a></p>
<!-- Remove above link if you don't want to attibute -->

Commit message:

update index with blurbs about projects

.ipynb_checkpoints/index-checkpoint.md, after:

## About Me

I am a finance major at the [Lehigh college of business](https://business.lehigh.edu/) with special interests in international relations and computer science. My time at university has been shaped by my desire to make complex financial concepts digestible; as it is my opinion that the public school system lacks adequate curricula for these topics. As an employee: I will use detail oriented analysis to identify inefficient systems and promote optimized solutions. 

---

## FIN 377 Midterm Project

<!-- You can link to other websites, PDFs in this repo, and other pages in this repo -->

_**[Sentiment Analysis of 10-K's to Predict Returns](markdown/report.md)**_

<img src="images/output_20_0.png?raw=true"/>
<img src="images/output_23_0.png?raw=true"/>

---

## FIN 377 Team Final Project

For our final project, team Strong-Side-Left-Side performed a detailed analysis of Boston AirBnB prices. We used machine learning to create models that give suggested, in-sample list prices. A prospective AirBnB host in boston can use this website as a tool to get an idea of how to price their listings.

_**[Team Project Website](https://ssls-airbnb-analysis.streamlit.app/)**_

<img src="images/SSLS_dashboard_example.png?raw=true"/>

#### ADD IMAGE

---

## Personal Projects

To enhance the speed at which I learned pandas, I made a mortgage payment calculator that displays an amortization table and graph. It can be exported as a .py function for use in other projects.

_**[Loan Amortization Scheduler (current build/not complete)](markdown/AmortizationTable.md)**_ <br>
_**[Loan Amortization Scheduler (link to repo)](https://github.com/Brooks377/Personal-Projects/tree/main/Amortization_Table)**_

<img src="images/200000_3.5_30_2023-01-01_M-30_bonus0.png?raw=true"/>
<img src="images/200000_3.5_30_2023-01-01_M-30_bonus200.png?raw=true"/>

---


## Career Objectives

- To promote transparency and fairness in financial institutions
- To make well-informed and profitable investments, in my own life and in any business to which I'm employed
- To create systems that allow and encourage productive work environments
- To further enhance the usability of our current financial markets
- To pioneer new systems in the modern, ever-changing economic ecosystem

---

## Hobbies

- Skiing
- Soccer
- Hiking
- Coding (Thanks Professor Bowen!)
- Debate

---
<p style="font-size:11px">Page template forked from <a href="https://github.com/evanca/quick-portfolio">evanca</a></p>
<!-- Remove above link if you don't want to attibute -->
